We're showing the article published at date on the main index page and the individual article page but
not in the abdomen area yet.
So let's add this data to the articles in the admin section.
In the admen index as we're displaying the articles in a table we'll add the published at attribute
in a new column.
First let's add a header in the head section.
Then in each row in the body section will add a new cell containing the value of the attribute inside
a time element.
As this is for administrators the default format of the date and time are sufficient.
Although you can format them if you like.
This displays the published date and time in the table for those articles that haven't been published
yet.
The cell is empty.
Let's insert a value in the cell for one published articles.
So if the value is present we'll print it out as before.
If not we'll just output a string saying unpublished.
Now those articles that haven't been published are shown as such.
Also add this to the individual article page.
Let's copy this entire statement.
And paste it after the title in the admen article page.
As with the article page in The Root.
We need to add the index for the first array element to both these lines like that.
So now the published at attributes is shown for both published articles.
And unpublished ones.